---
date: 2014-10-23
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-10-23/
layout: page
---
###Upkeep
* Rob not here until Saturday
* Halloween lab decorations
  * Plan: we dress up as martinaz and throw candy at people
  * Pumpkin carving, maybe we want to do it with wic
* We are getting a trashcan lid!

###Fundrasing
* Currently making a huge list of past members/heads to start pinging them for money and stories. 
* Wait until we have a master plan to send emails

###Events
* Both pizza’s finished. Lots of people at the talk. 
* Metcalf is sending out emails asking about sse history, gathering other emails that way
* Laser tag
  * Renner is in charge
  * Everything should be set up
* SSE Helps community happening
* SSE freshman lunch
* Smash will have no prizes
* Backburner
  * ppt karaoke
  * snowball fight
  * skiing
  * start organizing table flipping, get location booked. Talk to renner about it.

###Tech
* Aware of how we handle posters for sse in the past?
* We shouldcreating  sse poster for winter ball putting it up around campus
  * we need to fund that ourselves, putting them in the sau

###Mentoring
* Possiblly having 4 review session
* November 2 for 261 an cs1
* Week 12 possibly running 262
* Week 13 possibly wants to run 383 (a combination of 261 and 262) 
  *We’ll have to talk to vanillno or Metcalf about how to do the review session. Talk to vallino about pizza.

###PR
* Metcalf get batteries?
  * he’ll get them at Walmart or Target
  * Metcalf says to remind him tomorrow
* Dealer.com coming Tuesday. Conor will be holding the lab
* Engineering week, connor will possibly be on the board
* Don wants to be spring PR head
* Pair of business students wanted people to work on their project, came 10 minutes before a meeting.
* Met our deadline of having the layouts set up (campaign)
  * Everyone has assignments. 
  * This is for general stuff. 
* 4 companies are also getting a winter ball email. Are we asking for swag or money?
  * Apple
  * Microsoft
  * Google
  * Northhup Grumun. 
* We’re reaching out to a lot of new companies from the survey and just from word of mouth. 
* Where will robo code be? 
  * Sarah thinks the colab, Wednesday the 29th 11:30 to 12:30. 
  * Brad and Conor will go to it.
* PR event to try to get more members, like we did during orientation? In the atrium? 
  * Just need to clear it with the deans office. 
  * Possibly get food for it? Budget for a month in advance. We’ll run it in November.

###Projects
* Tortuga is blocked waiting on parts. Jesse says that they’re entirely blocked.
* Oculus Paint is moving
  * Possibly need to contact benti.
* Brainstorming sessions have been productive
  * Another brainstorming session this Friday at 1pm.
* Sarah: for Tortuga is this an issue with the order process? 
  * Morgan thinks it’s a vender thing. 
  * We might want to give Kurt an alternate list. Sarah will talk to Morgan later
* 5pm Wednesday the 29th we will decide on rapdev project
* Morgan will also send out an email for people who can’t be there
* Current plan for rapdev, starts on jan 5th go for 3 weeks.

###Treasury
* Count, waiting on October numbers. 
* Estimantes around 1900. 
* Renner’s magical spreadsheet is almost finished. 
* In the processs of checking everyone’s budget. 
* You can send budget whenever, during the month before, but definitely by the 1st day.

###Sarah
* What’s the plan for pizza for tomorrow for Freshman Lunch? 
  * 5 pizzas tomorrow. 
  * SALVATORS CHARGES FOR PLATES! 
  * Will drop of the recipt after the meeting. 
  * Kocsen has given out the tickets
* SSE @ dept meeting tuedsay 28th at 12:30, Kocsen and Kayla will go
* Leadership Meeting
  * Kayla has the biggest D
  * Kocsen explained it to the leadership workshop runner
  * We found out we wanted to focus on inspiration and forward thinking
  * We learned we need more excitement and involvement from all members and heads
