---
date: 2014-11-20
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-11-20/
layout: page
---

#SSE Officer Meeting

###PR
* Open house in december 5th. 
  * Kayla is running it Metcalf and Craig will be there
  * Don’t have family numbers yet
* No companies coming up
* Will ping Apple again. 
* Apple is planning to come the week of December 12
  * If we can’t get them in they’ll probably only do the IOS app challenge
* PR will be running an sse open house December 4. Booth in the atrium and pizza in the lab.
  * Conor will talk to Brian and Brad after the meeting

###Tech
* Will look at cert/auth
* Some emails are bouncing
* Will talk to Kayla today

###Mentoring
* Pizza didn’t happen at 383
* 15 people came, about half the class

###Upkeep
* Kocsen found Ethan to help about the display case
* We need a ruler. Conor or Brian thinks they could find one.
* Nick started messing around with the design for the display case. 
* Display case is not done. Rob will talk to Ethan and Kocsen and make sure it’s done by December 4

###Projects
* Nick will help with some problems with oculus rift. It’s going pretty well
* Card game meeting 4pm on Fridays
* Tortuga is working on prototyping and is also looking at getting magnets. Pen up/down funcationality being worked on

###Brad
* Week 15 will be the last meeting of this semester
* Week 15 is also last SSE genera meeting of the semester
* GCCIS General Meeting happened. They talked about big events and trying not to step each anyone’s toes
* If we want to do a fun college wide event tell brad ideas. He can bring it up to the GCCIS sentator
* Will go to the KGOE meeting tonight

###Events
* Table flipping happening now. Seems to be going well.
* Game night on 11/25
* Matinee 11/23
* Paper airplane compition W15 
* Table flipping update: it went well. We got a few donations. No injuries.

###Fundraising
* Hoodie design being worked on
* We should be getting two apple tvs in the next day or two for winter ball

###Talk
* Timbrook was watching online for the last talk. The talk went well
* Week 15 we have the History of the SSE talk

###Winter Ball
* Getting long tables this year from the Deans office. 
  * Table will be out by Friday afternoon. 
  * There might be another IGM event from Saturday morning to the afternoon. 
    * Renner said he booked the atrium all Saturday.  
    * Sarah will talk to Nancy about the IGM thing.
* Will forward Sarah the staff/faculty invite
* Posters will be printed soon
* Shopping for decarations will happen this weekend.
* Things should be in good shape before this weekend.
* The Google Form for the officer dinner: Melissa will make it and close it by the time she makes a reservation. 
  * If alum or officers are coming they need to sign the form. It should be out by Monday.

###Treasury
* Get budgets in for next month soon
* Finals week for December we will do January budgets
* Winter ball will be kicking into gear so budgets for December will probably be smaller
* Placeholder domains are going to need to be updated
* We don’t make money we just sustain it

###Other 
* RapDev needs to be in slides
* We will do a RapDev sign up forms. We need to tell freshman they can be here.
* Graduation stoles. We would have to purchase them. That is Metclafs job. 

###Sarah
* Usual SSE open hours next week
* Alternating meetings are an idea for getting more people to get to the meetings

###Kristen
* We are not getting an elephant
