---
date: 2014-09-11
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-09-18/
layout: page
---

###Speakers
* Need new ones the current ones dont really work, waiting on money

###Upkeep
* Weekly Cleanups had 3 people show up besides rob
* Cleanups are weekly
* Trash 30
  * We dont really do it
  * It has not been too bad
  * Might want to do this still
* Bulletin Board + Whiteboard
  * Whiteboard is for projects but not being used right now; Brad has got quotes on it
  * Neither is really being used right now
* Bulletin Board
  * Vision: Show off what the club is about/what is going on
  * Kinda like Momentum but static
  * Sarah: Might be good to have SSE logos and branding on it along with some sectioning for organization
  * Rob question: Is Kocsen doing posters for Mock Interview Day?
  * Kocsen answer: yes, planning on it
  * Someone asked about Mock interview day earlier, it would be good to get the word out
  * Kocsen wants something up on the calendar/bulletin board by Saturday

###Fundraising
* Issues with buying things in the lab, ie. Github issue on problems, needs to buy pencils, pens and a ruler
* Rob needs to approve if things are useful, then Matt can buy them
* Matt + Renner: Mixed amount of buying from candy cabinet
* Demand has been hit and miss
* Matt wants to do like a vote for food
* Candy was having a hard time before prices got slashed
* Was mostly chips, things might have changed a bit
* Donations
  * No movement there
  * Sarah going to contact Jasmine

###Winterball
* Committee is a thing now
* Meeting times moved to Mondays 3-5pm
* More people signed up 
* Will be on the slide show tomorrow, will stay there
* First committee meeting this week
* 95 themes down to 17 themes (around 20ish)
* Changed the form on google - people can just sign in and submit their DCE and pick 5 themes to vote for
* Anyone can vote
* Brad: How do we actually execute the theme? Feasibility, appropriateness, etc.

###Brad 
* Met with Molly for leadership session
* Figuring out best way that our team can work together
* Basically a leadership workshop thing will happen on October 9th (Thursday, week 7) at 6:15PM
* Right at the end of Senior Project, location TBA. Worst case: In the conference room or a class room.
  * Expectation is that everyone will show up 
  * Will be pizza
  * Will take about an hour and a half
  * Plan around it
  * Reminder emails will be sent out and we will make sure to bring it up during each officer meeting
* Correction
  * Some people have class during this time
  * Will send out a When2Meet

##Mentoring
* CS1 review session 
* Request for pizza/food/stuff has been sent
* Professors are aware of it
* Poster is in the display case
* Might want to put some more out around the college
* Table
  * Group of mentors met on Tuesday night to talk about mentoring (front) table
  * Instead of making it mentors only, we are going to have it so whoever is sitting there must yield the space to the mentor
  * If they are sitting there, they are the welcoming committee
  * Expectation is that people sitting in the front will greet people coming in if they ask for info
  * We have a paper sign to put on the mentoring laptop
  * Sarah: Might want to put a sheet on the table itself detailing the rules
* Review Sessions
  * Brian Question: Can he post the review session info to Facebook, Answer: Yes
  * Question 2: Interview questions for mock interview?
    * People have come in and asked for technical questions to practice on
    * Do we have any questions on hand that we can provide to walk-ins?
    * Answer: Nothing in the mentoring cabinet, Need to double-check folders, mentoring fileshare, etc.
    * If anyone has info, give it to Brian
* More table stuff
  * Getting rid of tables in one of the grad lab
  * We can take a look at the table and see if we want to take one for the front

###Events
* Committee stuff: no news
* Still need someone for talks
* Skyzone is on Saturday
  * Lot of interest
  * People have been paying
  * People who ask can just sign up
  * Up to 20 people can come; we have ~11 who have confirmed and paid, might lose some
  * Those who have paid are first-come first served
* Mock Interviews
  * Room should be reviewed
  * Chelsea is going to put some signs on the room to make sure no one steals it
  * Do have some people signing up
  * Kocsen plans on doing some advertising for it
* Heist
  * People want to participate in planning
  * Event is next weekend?
* Talks
  * The talk yesterday talk went well
  * Started mailchimp for talks

###PR
* First meeting on tuesday for the Committee
* New member who showed up who has not applied yet
* 10 members total (including Conner)
* Next week: will try to do a longer meeting
* Prep for the Open House
  * Go around and do test tours
  * 3 freshmen who will need a refresher on rooms
  * Get LED name tags set up
* Blackbaud showed up on Tuesday
  * Very nice and energetic
* Vistaprint meeting set up for 9/29
* Likely mid-day or in the evening
* Seemed fine with using the SSE lab but there might be an issue with getting the CSH guys to show up

###Technology
* Nothing new on the site
* Images need to be fixed b/c people complaining
* Kristen needs to find a minion for web stuff
* Kristen plan: be more positive until someone signs up
  * Get Steve Greenberg involved?
  * Renner: Clean up the deploy stuff
  * Kristen: It works. Not broken
* Torque
  * Nick has not tried Torque on firefox 
  * Might not fix things
  * Firefox is working better than the GTV

###Projects
* Tortuga project proposal is done. sort of know what parts are needed. Going to talk to Vallino
* Jesse came up with a Rapdev idea with the RIT green vehicle challenge
* Doing an intersession ones. Kristen and Renner will help 
* Talk to Dr. Vallino 
* Design things. We have a branding project that is going. Put it on github. Consistent branding. 

###SSE Faculty Meeting
* It happened. It went well

###Goals
* Do them!!!
* Really need to get something submitted from everyone

* Brad's Goal
  * Regain what we have lost
  * Basically try to get our numbers back up to a point where things are sustainable
  * Need roughly 20 people a year to keep enough of an officer core and membership going
  * People who come back regularly
  * When this class goes we will lose about 8 people
  * When 4th years class goes the will lose about 20 people
  * Most people stay after being introduced
  * Going to try to be creative

* Kristen's Goal
  * Improve communication
  * In the past we have had issues with communication
  * When everyone is on the same page and talks to each other things run better. Leadership workshop will really help with that

* Renner's Goal
  * Wants to legitimize Treasurer as a position
  * Add more responsibility
  * Make sure we don not run into issues like, overdrawing card
  * Having a clue about money
  * Making buying stuff clearer
  * Budgets, P-Card sign out, actual reconciliation of budgets

* Sarah: Sounds good; make it sustainable
  * Have a core group of people to maintain a legacy
  * Find a formalized process that works that we can pass off
  * Make it easier to use the existing process than to not
  * Get those to us before the leadership talk, yhat way we can talk about things

###Treasurer
* No numbers yet
* People are working on it, Rita (brand new person) is in charge of SSE numbers
* Until we have numbers, Renner wants us to see more spending
* Things that push the club forward rather than basic stuff
* More money on pizza and other things that draw people in
* Spending money on that kind of thing was somewhat frowned upon because of money issues
* Making things a bit bigger (investing money into events) will make it easier to bring people in
 
###Sarah
* Officer Open Hours are Tuesday 2-3pm
* The SE office promotes some things for us
* Brainstorm what things we do and when the department should be promoting things
* Be mindful fo level of advertising vs. scale of event
* At minimum: put the event on the calendar, scale from there
* Encourage faculty to talk about events
