---
date: 2014-09-04
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-09-04/
layout: page
---

###Vallino
* Thanks for keeping the SSE going and stepping up to make it awesome
* There’s always been a collaborative nature between SSE and the department, we should continue to work together
* Pay attention to sustainable financing, we need to come up with funding ideas for operating costs
* Talked to the dean’s office about getting the numbers. SSE’s books will be getting updated so we can check our numbers against the office.
* Will keep us updated about project money’s numbers
  * Brainstorming session for projects will be around Monday @ 5
  * Alex Kipman wants wild things to be tried with projects, go for the moonshots
  * Wants faculty involvement early on in projects (mostly to go for the moonshots)
  * Will get to us a “how-to” for describing projects to Kipman
* If we feel like the department is taking advantage of the SSE in an unfair way, speak up
* Lab space
 * Our space is a valuable commodity
 * Other clubs are asking for space and getting next to nothing
 * The SSE Lab needs to be used in the proper way, this is important
* Development office
 * Have a list of things that we do/want in order to get people to be willing to help (give money) to the SSE
* The development office might bring people by to show off the SSE we need to be ready what’s that about
 * About money: when you take out the card, you need to write the committee because we need to know what’s it’s for
* In a new file share, for the SSE, we need to keep track of funds so that Vallino has a space where the SSE money is visible to him. He needs to be aware.

###Brad
* SSE Freshman Sem
  * Martinez would like SSE members to come in to help or give ideas for things to do other than the lego thing
  * Looking for a response by tomorrow night

###Winter Ball
* Two google forms made
  * Committee
  * Ideas
* Will get the alum list

###Mentoring
* Kayla and Renner have decided to take mentoring shifts
* Go link will be publicized for mentoring
* Physics Tutor
  * He is being used, has mentored a few people
  * He needs just as much power as a mentor to keep people in line
* No clustering at the mentoring table in the front

###Lab furniture usage
* We want a table or a podium in the back of the lab

###Events
* Officially 3 members
* Heist will happen, it’s in the planning stages
* Dylan went way under budget for the BBQ
  * It went well and so did doctor who after
* Talks
 * No talks until 6:30 because most classes are done
 * We want pizza back because we need to try to make it more of an event to get more people
 * It should be recorded, contact Timbrook
 * Try to get sponsorship for tech talks
 * Matt with swift week two
 * Mailing list is a thing that needs to be used
* Mock Interviewing event 
 * It went very well, we need to continue it again 
 * Mentoring and Events should work together 
 * Will need to reserve the team rooms for it 
 * Try to get it happening sometime around career fair
 * Fall for the SSE, spring for the apartment
 * This would include an interviewer intro session 
* Skyzone and laser tag: possible future events
* Events split between community oriented fun events (to get/keep members) and gccis wide educational events 

###PR
* 4 members, 2 of them SE, no girls
* Microsoft exploration dinner and programming challenge happening soon
* Talk to Benti about giving a talk

###Technology
* Email forward from talks to events 
* Kristen has access to the VMs
* Winter ball can access email
* Website is up

###Projects
* Monday evening brainstorming

### Final stuff
* Meeting times need to be sent out
* Mention meeting times at freshman sem and heist
* Newsletter
  * Kayla will talk to Brad
