---
date: 2014-10-02
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-10-02/
layout: page
---

##Meeting Time Adjustment
*Didn't move it this time
*Room: 2690 on the second floor of GCCIS
*Next week: Meeting will start at 1pm
*Chelsea will get the room

###Action Items
*Winterball emails haven't been being delivered, needs to be dealt with, Tech needs to fix it

###Goals
*Get goals sent in
*We're up to 3; get the rest in
*Make them actionable
*Not just for fall; also for the year

###Leadership
*Waiting on Molly
*Will be around 6:30pm on a monday
*Still need a full time/place

###Lab Upkeep
*Things have been going well
*Keep an eye out for random flyers in the bulletin board
*Chelsea noted flies in the lab
  *Guessed it's from the empty cans
  *Should get a lid for the garbage can; might help
  *Are they really coming from there?
  *They'll go away eventually
  *Action Item: Rob should get us a can

###Fundraising
*Ran out of Padfolios
*Good and bad
*Matt's going to look into buying more
*Renner needs to figure out what month we're buying them for budgeting purposes
*Can get away with putting it off for a bit
  *Before the next career fair
  *SE department ones are also available in the mean time
  *SE department ones are somewhat nicer; gold trim and stuff
  *swag
  *Sarah's going to look into what vendor was used for their padfolios
*Fundraising has a budget
  *Around $100/month

###Winter Ball
*Tandra needs to be emailed

###Mentoring
*Email on sunday
  *asked to open the mentoing lab for longer hours
  *probably from a student
*Look at feasability of increasing the mentoring hours
*See if there is more demands than a single person

###Problems with lab staying open
*alum think more evening events need to happen
*there's not as much community in the sse anymore
*classes make it difficult, scheduling problems
*we need to build hype
*Brad: Get feedback from the freshmen about what sort of events they want to do
  *Ask for their involvement as well
*Sarah: Offered to see if she can have a clipboard survey get sent out to students
  *Force them to take it?
  *See what's relevent
  *Kristen noted that current events aren't as relevent due to changes in the club

###Events
*LaserTag is starting to get interest
*Form is being made
*Details to come
*Hackathon stuff
  *Unhackathon was a massive fail
*Mock Interview Day
  *Successful
  *Three rounds of 20 minute interviews
  *Seemed to go well
  *Brad: expand that a bit before the next career fair?
    *Make sure we've got the resources
    *Doesn't need to be 1:1 but this time there was some awkwardness that could be addressed on numerical stuff
    *Internal/Externally focused?
    *Interviewers tend to be people who 1) hang out in the lab a lot and 2) have been on co-op

###PR
*Starting new company campaign
  *Looking at companies that have never been to RIT
  *Starting that next week
  *Reasonable Companies
  *Committee, everyone has a role/responsibilities

###Tech
*People need mailing list.
*Can we reduce spam?

###Projects
*Slides for projects
*In the meeting project heads will be talking
*Do a brainstorm for rap dev ideas
*Poster creation for projects
*Unify vallino's project proposal form with our own
*Check with benti  about free kinects
*Poke returning third and fourth years on facebook

###Treasury
*Not much has been spent this time
*We're around $1800 - $1900

###Other
*Events put up on tv need to be recognizable
*The "middle box" of the speakers might be the broken part
*Working on momentum 

###Events
*Renner's talk went well 15-20 people
*6:30 talks, advertizing, pizza
*Renner and Kocsen are meeting for the hiest
  *Should we do it?
    *We've missed what the heist is for
    *Have a freshman lunch instead
    *People are getting too busy
    *A mini "committee" needs to be made for the hiest
    *It should happen alongside of freshman orientation planning
*October, planning laser tag
  *Spend $500 to reserve
  *Laser tag needs to be against csc
  *Must plan 2 weeks in advance
*What do freshman want?
  *Laser tag
  *They liked skyzone
  *Box fort
*We need to do a  rit waiver form for off campus events for the school
*Start planning table flipping. go to the sau. we can do it, you need to keep pushing the sau
*Build up a form to see if board game night is possible
*Pick a date for the jurmans to do movie night. Possibly sunday instead of friday.

###Sarah
*Officers open hours tues 2-3
*Week of columbus day, the department will be going a q&a with freshman sem
*Kocsen can go to the freshman sem q&a
*Brian can go to talk about mentoring



