---
date: 2014-10-11
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-10-16/
layout: page
---
###Leadership Session
*Next Monday 20th, 6:30-8 in 1610

###Email from Pakistan
*This has happened in the past, opening another chapter of the sse
*We don’t want to expand to them and we don’t want to expand
*We have our governing docs, they can look at stuff, but if we told them to check it out we don’t want them to do sse branding
*send a simple negation response

###Events
*Board game night
  *Pizza was eaten
*Matinee is now a thing run by Jesse. 
*Friday lunch with freshman is next Friday. 
*Laser tag
  *Progress is being made,we’re deciding on specifics
*Smash Tournament is moved to next week
*Freshman lunch tickets will be distributed next week
  *we will print something out with date and time
*Night tag event was moved because of Cosby

###Sarah
*Things we need help at:
  *High school students taking cs for ap
  *krutz is running robo code
    *we need helpers on 11-12:30 on Wednesday the 29th
  *Computing exploration program
    *Tuesday November 4th
    *Basically an open house
  *Change of program fair in the atrium, need people at the table to talk about SE

###Goals
*Get goals in, we’re talking about them at the leadership meeting

###Upkeep
*Cleanup sessions will be after the matinee
*FMS said they cant help us with trashcan lids
*$50 funding for the month, might get a lid with that

###Fundrasing
*Do an interest for sweatshirts/hoodies to see if we should buy them
*Get padfolios before spring career fair

###Winter ball
*Online ticket sales should be up sometime next week we talked to tandra and are waiting for a response

###Tech
*Waiting on Wallach, doesn’t have access to the staging server?

###PR
*Open house on Monday, 12 families showed up, went really well.
*Campaign
  *Didn’t get to meet this week. It got a little delayed. 
  *Working on a draft of the basic email layout. 
*Start to draft up emails about sending out winter ball emails to companies
*Dealer.com next week
*Paychecks wants to visit
*Will have a list for recommended lab acess for the meeting

###Projects
*Tortuga parts list was sent out, kurt is in the process of getting that. 
*Projects has about $6000 to work with this year. 
*Tortuga might be $350. 
*Benti isn’t sure as to whether we can get kinects. Oculus paint could be around $1000
*Rapdev meeting tomorrow at 2. It will be a brainstorming meeting

###Treasury
*No new numbers 
