---
date: 2014-10-09
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-10-09/
layout: page
---

###Intro
* Chelsea got us this room for today
* Room isn't available throughout the semester
* Only room available at this time
  * Not sure if that's only this week or more
* Ok with this?
  * Robert: Leaves early, prefers 1:30
  * Brad: Renner leaves early 
* Looks like we're sticking with 1:30PM due to room issues

###Leadership Session
* Set for Monday 20th at 6:30pm in GOL-1610
* Email will be sent to remind everyone to show up

###Goals
* Make goals for the leadership session
* Really need them so they can be brought up and discussed
* We have 4 goals
* Need goals from everyone else before the leadership session

###Technology
* Kate has stepped down from the position
* Nicolas McCurdy has volunteered to take over
* Already making progress on things.Very responsive

###Upkeep
* Trash Can lid
  * Asked FMS for help. Waiting for a response
* Lost and Found
  * Going to start talking about it during meetings
  * Will be emptied at the end of the semester
* Speakers
  * People complaining about them
  * Rob's theory: They're being overdriven
    * Turn the volume down on laptops and turn it up on the system and they sound fine
  * Implies that the speakers aren't broken, but that the receiver might have some problem
    * Brad wants to test them at some point and verify that this is a fix

###Mentoring
* CS for AP
  * Professor White contacted Brian for a CS for AP review session
  * Doesn't want to do an official review session with a dedicated room
  * Not enough turnaround time
  * New class for semesters, so there's no test to base things around
  * Rob: Took the course last semester
    * Did have a review session
    * Benjin was given a copy of the exam; in theory it should be there
  * Brian recommended sending students to the lab for mentoring
  * Putting together a list of questions that aren't being previously covered by what's in the cabinet
  * Sarah: Worth trying to reach out to the professor to build a test?
    * Last year the TA sent out a practice exam/outline of material
    * Might be worth getting in contact with the TA
* Going to try a new version of making tests
  * Current built with word docs
  * Changes have to be manually tracked between mentors
  * Going to try to improve upon that process

###Events
* Upcoming
  * Talk on Building Talks w/ the Jurmans Tuesday at 6:30pm. Why Tuesday? Because it's a monday schedule
    * Experiment to see how it impacts attendence
  * Last talk turnout
    * 26 people showed up (a lot)
    * Need to do further analysis to see what caused the improvement
    * Kocsen theorizes that pizza has something to do with it
  * Game night. This saturday?
  * Community Service Event
    * Following Saturday
    * Sarah: Who runs this?
    * Run through a Monroe county community thing
    * Sarah: Is there a thing where all GCCIS club leaders get together? Emma was spearheading this.
  * SSE goes Lasertagging w/ CSC
    * Hasn't gotten anything back from the CSC through email
  * Brad's event (Manhunt)
    * Glow sticks, Run around outside
    * People w/ glowstick goes off somewhere on campus, need to give up glowstick when caught
    * Need to do it before it gets too cold, but after it gets dark quicker
    * Concerns
      * Full ruleset
      * Waivers
      * Make sure people have read the rules
    * Half a dozen people interested; can happen even if it falls through on the SSE side

###PR
* Nothing this week
  * Finished up career fair last week
* Open House
  * Monday
  * Good amount of people showed up
  * Only have 3 families inbound so don't overcrowd it
  * Be at the SSE lab at 9am if you want to present stuff
* Set up time to talk with Projects, Mentoring, etc. to tweak slides
  * Will be emailed out
* Started company visit campaign
  * Form has been put up for adding companies to reach out to
* Conor wants info on how to ask sponsors for prize information
  * Brad: Talk with Renner
  * He's been part of Winter Ball
  * In the past, Northrup Grumman paid for Winter Ball
  * Kristen: Just contact people, Google usually throws lots of stuff at us
* Drafting out emails now
* Confirmed dealer.com for the 27th
  * Had to switch the date around a bit
  * No longer during mentoring hours
* Two other companies we are in contact
  * No firm date
  * Paychex; really flexible due to being here
* Good idea: Give the two companies some time after their talk to network/chill with us
  * ie. present before board game night event
* Lab access for PR Agents
  * Need to get them access so they can open the lab up
* Brochure
  * SSE brochure is really out of date
  * Typos and issues. Need to update it
  * Update it along with the slideset

###Tech
* Getting setup/making sure he's got access to things
* What he has access to
  * Account system
  * Winter Ball email was reenabled so that Melissa can actually access emails
* Made a suggestions google form
  * Equivilent to the old plastic box that is now dead
  * Gotten 2 or 3 serious suggestions
  * Most of them are for having a physical suggestion box
* SpeakerDeck
  * Where our talks are going to live now
  * In addition to recording it to Youtube
* Still looking for website people
  * Need to put more effort into redesign project
  * Hire new web minions
  * That way we don't need to email Kristen every 5 minutes
* Might be some downtime later
  * Perform updates on webtest as soon as Nick is able to. Test it there
  * Perform the update on the site
  * Kocsen: Thanksgiving might be appropriate. Or a late night on the weekend
  * Kristen has access to webtest; Nick doesn't
  * Talk to Dan Wallach
* Certificates
  * We have two issues with Certs
    * 1) SSE site is using RapidSSL; you're supposed to provide the cert for them in case the browser doesn't ship with the cert
      * Waiting on webtest so Nick can change the SSL cert in a testing environment without breaking prod
    * 2) Mail issue
      * Under sofse.org. Not under rit.edu
      * Browsers get mad at you because the certs are under the wrong domain
      * Kristen's proposed fix: Self-sign a cert
      * Option two: leave it alone
      * Option three: buy a cert for the sofse domain

###Other
* Student commenting on SSE Public Service for Golisano
* Cleanup some of the labs
  * Janitorial staff don't really clean the tables in the various labs
  * SSE could give back to the SE community by cleaning up the labs a bit
  * Sarah doesn't have a problem with it but doesn't want us to feel like we're obliged to do this

* SSE AfterHours
  * How to get more people in the lab after hours
  * Kristen's talk had a lot of people show up
  * Brad's event is an evening event
  *  Bring ideas for after hours events to the relevent people
  * Want to bring back that part of the club

###Sarah
* Sarah + Renner + Metcalf met with development counselor
  * She might want to come to a general meeting
  * Hear what we're doing so that when she's talking to alumni and donators, she can mention the SSE
  * Mentioned how money coming in will be clearcut
  * Companies donating stuff: Keep her in the loop
  * Easier to keep her in the loop than to let it fall through to the end
  * Thought that alumni are low hanging fruit for donations
* No list of past officers
  * Need to keep these in the future
  * Pre-Chowder-era info would be good
  * History of the SSE thing, Derek and Benti offered, see if they're still interested

###Random
* Don't have this room for the rest of the semester at 1pm
* We do have the conference room at 1:30 for the rest of the semester
* Basically, we'd need to find a new room each week if we stay at the 1pm time
* Brad's going to send us an update. 
 
