---
date: 2014-11-13
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-11-13/
layout: page
---
#SSE Officer Agenda

###Brad
* GCCIS club meeting at 4 pm today. Talk to Brad if there’s anything you want him to talk about

###Upkeep
* Upkeep sessions are going fine.
* It works really well after the matinee	
* Art Competition to show of the SSE
* Last week we talked about doing something for each pillar in the bulletin board. Pretty and artsy.
* Do we want to try to ask people to do it? How do we get this done? Is it Rob’s role to delegate to someone. 
  * Kocsen is going to nominate someone. 
  * It will be done by next meeting

###Fundraising
* Marissa will be creating three different designs for the hoodies. 
* We will vote on the hoodie
* Conor’s PR people can help design the hoodie - Kristen
* We are probably going to choose the hoodie material and color.   
* Metcalf is going to go to a Rochester company and figure out what options we have on hoodie type we will vote on that too
* Winter ball prize donations are coming in from companies

###Events	
* Next Week Renner is doing a talk
* Last week’s talk was great
* Week 14 is thanksgiving, no talk
* Week 15 we’re doing History of the SSE
* Tech is going to look at having talks up on the website
* PP Karaoke. Will order possibly 3 pizzas. Old PowerPoints on fileshare, we can use them as backup
* Table Flipping. Is going to be on Thursday 11/20.  We will security tape to make sure we’re not throwing tables at people
* Game Night. Tuesday before thanksgiving break. Dylan is running it
* Possible quick event. Paper plane tournament 

###Technology
* If anyone has problem with accessing the fileshare, let nick know

###Winter Ball
* We’re working on posters and will be up by next week
* Talking to FMS

###Mentoring
* Kristen and Brad picked up a shift. Maggie is a mentor, picked up two shifts. To cover the Andy leaving
* Figure out that the lockbox has 2 unlock passwords. Blow one away, we’re only using one
* CS 2 review had three people show up
* 383 is this Sunday at 4 
* Krutz’s section was hard, we’re going to work to make Krutz’s classes be covered in the reviews

###PR
* This Friday IBM is coming, we will promote it best we can today. It was just set up. Tomorrow during the meeting. We will be in the Atrium at three. We will find someone to lead him over
* Next open house December 5  (Friday  9-1) Metcalf is running it. No actually, Kayla is running the presentation. People will help as they can. 
* After break we’re going to set up the a PR booth to advertise the SSE

###Projects
* Tortuga is designing a case for the robot. They’re figuring out next set of parts needed
* Oculus Paint
* The way Wesley got it working is deprecated. They’re working on this
* Card game, cards are being made status meeting Friday at 4, lots of cards being made, suggest more link is still on the board
* Rap dev planning meeting next week

###Other
* We should do an SSE Open housed

###Treasury
* Does not have access to the academic fileshare
* We should be keeping the department statements there if we can. The official one. 
* Everyone’s budgets got approved
* Going awesome. 
* Who has donated: Benjin has, most came through in October
* As of the start of this year, no one has donated to us, just at the end of the spring semester.

###Sarah
* No open hour next week. She has a training.
* Make sure that we have a signature when we send sse emails.
* Game design is having a mini game hackathon this weekend. Morgan hasn’t head of it, no one really has heard of it. We can mention stuff like that in slides.


