---
date: 2014-10-30
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-10-30/
layout: page
---

###Fundrasing
* Tina or Nick will do fundraising slides

###Upkeep
* Doing a run today to get a trash can lid, Halloween decorations, and maybe batteries. Also, getting small whiteboards

###Tech
* Got a new raspberry pi. 
* Melissa needs to be added to the tech mailing group. 
* Melissa has joined the website committee

###Winter Ball:
* Online ticket sales are not up. 
* Melissa emailed Tandra a while ago. 
* Tandra never open the Melissa’s response. 
* Tandra promises to have it done by Wed. 
* Planning for decorations have started

###Talks
 *This week and next week are planned / have happened.
* Brian this week, Nick next week

###Mentoring
* Good discussions for 1x1s
* Review sessions properly scheduled
* 383 still has no room booked

###PR
*Campaign is going well
* No responses on Winter Ball donations
* Upgraded all the freshman to send emails out to two companies
* Next week, others may have 4 companies
* Groupme set up so pr can talk when there isn’t meetings.
* Exploration presentation has enough people
* Change of program booth 
  * Renner can help out with that. 
  * Metcalf can talk until two if needed. 
  * Conor will be there the whole time. 
  * Kayla will show up at 2. 
  * Renner will be there at 1.

###Projects
 We decided on Smart Calander for rapdev. 
 * Take a calendar app and a to-do list and make them work together. Project selection went well
* Tortuga is playing with hardware now. 
* Oculus Paint, Matt is working with Morgan to draft up an email to benti about kinects
* Meeting attendance issues on the website. Still working on times. 
 * Maybe will have first meeting tomorrow. 
 * Website meetings will be open to anyone who wants to attend. 
 * When we know a time for the meeting it will be publicly announced.

###Events
* Meet time for laser tag was a little late, but it went really well. 
 * Waiting on money from csc. 
  * We’re waiting on Kocsen to get the money. 
  * Some people didn’t show up, but we were able to fill up the slots
* Smash, went well and lots of people stayed for the movie. 
  * If nick can’t make it to games like this in the future, we need to plan better for people managing the tournament bracket. 
  * Tournament players can’t manage the bracket. 
  * After the tournament something was posted on the RIT subbreddit. 
  * 3-4 people from smash club came. 
* Cleanup went way better will more people. We will continue to do it with the movie.
* Community help event was cancelled. Kocsen went.
* Friday lunch went great, we met a bunch of freshmen. 
  * More freshman are starting to show up in the lab. 
  * Huge success. 
  * We should run it again, maybe sometime between week 3-5.
* Table flipping, game night, skiing, and snowball fight in the works. 
* Renner wants lead time on events. 
  * We should be scheduling events two weeks out.
  * For example table flipping needs to be planned now. 
  * Renner’s target date for table flipping is week 12. We don’t want to hold it after thanksgiving. 

###Treasury
* Fundraising needs to send in receipts. 
* Numbers now are at 2000. 
* Guesstiments for numbers after stuff gets in is still around 2000. 
* Budgets Budgets Budgets. It needs to be in by tomorrow. Ask for money and tell why you should have it.

###Other
* No slides for wic Halloween party.
* Metcalf and Nick send in goals. Metcalf will send in goals by tonight.
* Tues 2-3 officer open hours
* SSE facebook group
  * Is it a way to get hype with the group? 
  * What do we want to do with the group, should it just be events? 
  * Renner doesn’t think it could be a place to interact for alumn and students. 
  * If you’re in the group you want to be about events, otherwise look at the page. 
  * Let’s make sure people understand that the page is for updates on what going on and the group is for events.
* We should think about figuring out tech heads. 
  * Nick wants to be able to keep the next head on what’s happening. 
  * Should we start asking people now? Let’s sees who is interested. 
* People don’t know what to do about the getting into the sse. 
  * Maybe we want to use the led marquee to let people know they can just come in. 
  * Let’s update the bulletin board to show people how to get into the sse. It’s a lab upkeep job.
* For rapdev we will remote, but we’re not actually going to push that. 
* During rap dev meeting make sure freshman know they can stay with upperclassmen.
