---
date: 2015-02-13
permalink: /about/minutes/2015-02-13/
layout: page
---


Brad: first of everyone welcome Wesley. YAY!
###UPKEEEP: 
Still doesnt have access to the website or anything sse related. Ro is going to talk to Timbrook and also Wesley, because he doesnÎéÎ÷t have anything. Rob is talking to Wesley about buying a new filter for the vacuum. Will still do weekly lab clean up, to get more people we have to do matinees. Events will think of running matinees Sundays

###PR:
Love your house today @ 1:30, two pr members will be there. Will set up table at 12:30
Vistaprint 24th at 7pm room 2400. Trivia night, Dom got a flyer. Engineering Week, we are promoting the sse to the engineering school.
Reddit access is needed. Tech will send him the reddit info
Sending emails to companies in progress.
Since we are getting hoodies, PR wants embroidered 'PR' on it. 
FUNDRAISING: Talking with Marissa, she iss almost done with the design. And she found a cheap place to print. Google forms to vote on what design and hoodies we might want. 
###TALKS: 
hype. Micro-talks. We dont have anyone yet.

###EVENTS: 
Ski trips has lots of interest will run the 28th at 4pm.  Box fort boxes. Getting boxes from harris. Kristen is bringing her big box. 
Hockey game. Hockey game, Dylan will set up an interest form. Monday the week of the game. 
Dylan thinks Pinocchio is stupid. Its named that way because, its small, but lies to you and gets bigger.

###TECH: 
makes sure everyone has file share access. LDAP accounts: treasury one needs to be reset. Since we are not using exchange we dont have a way to reset our passwords. Treasury email needs to be set up. Aliasing needed. MAilgun is set up needs verification. We can do things and stuff with mailing lists. We can get membership lists from scoreboard. Kurt is sick and cant switch stuff over right now so we are working through aliases

###MENTORING: 
Lab access for matt mo and randy is still not done. Will send another email to the office because we need it. CS 1 exam is week five, there wil be a review session for that the Sunday before. The weekend after that will be CS2 and 261 review sessions that next Sunday. Mock interview will happen that Saturday. Mentoring table will be moved to the back. Kristen is happy, there was an awkward silence. Harris will be at mock interviews. We need to hype it more to se students

PROJECTS: 
Long delayed Tortuga parts order will go out this week hopefully. 
Oculus paint, will possible move to unity for the client side stuff. Still figuring out head tracking because it doesnt work on web. 
Evan wants people to submit cars to the sse card came, we should announce that in the meeting. 
Explorartory project. Open bci. He wants to play with the hardware/software. He wants to do a proof of concept to do an autocorrect with your brain. 
Ethan is trying to turn a windows phone into a game controller. We have until April to register the projects. 
Talking to Timbrook and jessse about imagine RIT. do we want to show stuff or do talks. We want to register the space outside the lab for imagine. 
LED marquee. Timbook worked on it. Do we want to reinvigorate that?

###Treasure 
Does not have a speech or numbers yet.
Kristen is going to try to get events working on the website again. 
Alumni mailing: Will talk to Wesley and Metcalf about that.  

