---
date: 2014-11-06
permalink: /about/minutes/2014-11-06/
layout: page
---

###Brad
* Welcome it’s week 11!
* Wants to meet with the committee heads after meetings, 
  * Today is Kocsen. It’ll just be a check in after the meeting. 
  * Definitely want to meet with Events, Projects, PR, and Mentoring. 
  * The rest can be covered with smaller meetings because generally there will be less information.
* Again, after the meetings officers will meet with committee heads.

###Upkeep
* If we want to get a trash can lid, then we need to buy a trash can to go with it. 
  * Has a $50 budget, should be able to keep up with lab needs and getting a new trash can.
* We should use the display case for showing people that you can just walk into the SSE. Rob thinks that committee heads should write something.  Koscen says we should do big, 'wanna do play laser tag'? and 'need mentoring' sort of thing. 
* Melissa is now the full time graphic designer for the SSE. 
* We will decorate the board with Come on in sort of stuff
* A grad student, game in and wanted to talk about his grad project. An email was sent to secretary. 

###Fundraising
* We have 10 people interested in hoodies. $25 for a hoodie if we do it. 
* We will send out an email to alum and post on the group or page for more interest.
* Alum donations
  * We have a list of about 90 people but we are missing a lot of emails. 
  * When should Metcalf start requesting alumn donations? Kristen wants her and Renner to send out the emails. 
* Winter Ball donations 
  * We’ve heard back from Microsoft, Apple, and Google. 
  * Metcalf has talked to Jasmine. Jasmine says to introduce her to the company for winter ball stuff, because of tax reasons. 
  * Metcalf, Conor, and Mellissa will sign the thank you emails to companies that have donated for Winter Ball

###Events
* Laser tag money from CSC is in, and in the lockbox. 
* Matinee is happening.
* Koscen says table flipping is chugging along. 
* As a group we decided that we want to run it the Friday before thanksgiving break. We still need to reserve the space.

###Talks
* Week 12 Paul on Rails
* Week 13 Renner Flux and React.js
* Week 15 History of SSE
* Microtalks will not happening this semester

###Tech
* Website 
  * Meeting Friday or Saturday. 
  * Website will have working sprints to do small tasks. 
  * Meeting scheduling has been hard, the website redesign probably won’t happen this semester
* Publicity, issue on crazy-train for website repo. 
* Do we want membership status on the GTV in the lab? 
  * Someone suggested the Top Members. Should we show membership in more places? 
  * Do we want to show membership on the LED marquee? 
  * Do we need to decide if membership status is public in the constitution? No. Brad doesn’t think the marquee is worthwhile. 
* Scoreboard
  * Instead of all of us sending all the memberships to Kayla. 
  * Officers can send memberships to scoreboard and primary approves it. New scoreboard process works well.

###Winter Ball
* Online ticket sales are up! Melissa will create a slide with go link and will send out an email to alumn about it

###Mentoring
* 105 people at cs1 review session
* 80 people at 261 review session
* Andy will not be a mentor anymore, so mentoring shifts will be switched around a bit. 
* Allen is working well with the SSE. It’s definitely picked. Is tutoring more with math and physics, but helping with cs. Will probably be hired back.
* 261, lots of students are having trouble on the exams. Should we talk to professors? We can figure that out later.

###PR
* Not going to try to get PR agents access this semester
* Next week, IMB on Friday. 
  * Possible after the SSE meeting or at the end of the day. 
  * Brian says it’s okay to run during mentoring hours. 
* Valve wants to come end of Jan or early Feb to give a talk. 
* We have 18 families coming in for Open house. 
  * Melissa says to stop by the WIC table with women. 
  * Kayla and Kayla will be girls for presenting slides at open house. 
* Again, donations from Apple, Google, and Microsoft. 
* Apple wants to come in to do a 'mini hack' (3 hours) thing early December. 
* Google Play event with WIC will be December 5th, make sure that the SSE/Apple mini hack event. 
* There will be a change of major fair, we’re set for people on that.

###Projects
* Tortuga- assembled hardware. Will wire during the weekend. Also working on the software
* Oculus - going very well. Dylan and Metcalf have been making awesome progress on stuff.
* sse card game - SE themed card game. If we get this done we can possibly do a video game version of it
* Rapdev will have a planning meeting soon. Not scheduled yet. Once meeting time is set we will tell everyone. EVERYONE.
* LED Marquee, code is reasonable, setup is a magic black box. Wants to find a project lead for that. Morgan can work on getting a case built.
* Getting access to department file share? Morgan talked to Renner. Sarah is talking to Kurt about it. It’s a waiting game.

###Other
* Projector matrix was a problem during the talk. Things are disconnected. We won’t use it anymore. Koscen will put it in the cabinet.
* Mac Mini, not setting it back up.
* We need to make a drone that goes around gccis announcing events

###VP
* Robocode in the lab. Do people know about that? Tomorrow, Friday at 1.
* We should totally do shadowing like residents follow doctors

###Treasury
* We haven’t spent much, around 1800 - 1900
* Excel sheet is not on the file share it will be later today
* Has budgets.
* We’re spending lots on pizza.

###Sarah
* Kayla needs to put lab upkeep after events in the slides.
* Officer open hour Tuesday 2-3
* CodeRIT? Lots of students on it, some from se. 
  * It’s going strong according to Kocsen. 
  * SSE will back the hackathon.
* Social media, next steps? 
  * Renner says the group is for actual things sse is doing (events) the page is for keeping up with the sse. 
  * Secretary will do it. 
  * We need to have more events pictures. 
  * We should have projects pages on our website. 
  * Cool projects updates and pictures also need to be sent to Kayla.
* Advisor feedback
  * Sarah would like to do a survey to know how she’s doing. 
  * Talk to sarah, we’ll probably do a clipboard survey do people who don’t want to talk to her.
