---
date: 2015-03-13
permalink: /about/minutes/2015-03-13/
layout: page
---

###Upkeep:
Nothing to report, besides the fact we dont have a vacuum

###PR:
Valve Speaker? Dom needs to talk to Lana, valve girl is confirmed for may 11. It has basically turned into a vise talk. We should promote it. The girl is an SE alumni. Dom really needs to talk to Lana to figure it out. Dom will just try to show up at her office. Verndale wants to come in. We need to advertise for it.

###Fundraising:
Hoodies, we have two types. Aprrox 25 $ for the good ones. And about 18 $ for lesser quality. We would get the hoodies in possibly a bulk 48 order.

###Talks:
Dylan is harassing people to do talks. How does he do it better? Kristen says just to sign people up for a time. Dylan wants search to email about talks to get it out more. Share events and talks to the SE group in addition to the SSE group.

###Events:
Box fort tomorrow. Kristen is bringing a huge box. Sardines is next Wednesday. And end of the year picnic will happen, but we dont know where right now. We might do it at geneey valley park or at henrietta town park. Its usually the second to last week, technically the end of year picnic is not his job, he just has to book it

###Tech:
Talked to kurt yesterday. He decided he is not going to wait for rit its to okay setting up mail gun for us.  He will meet with brad and make a how to for using mailgun once its set up. Do we want to give kurt lastpasss access? He can access it according to brad. We will give sarah, chelesea, and jurt last pass acess. No technology problems!

###Mentoring:
Headcounts are a thing. People are doing it. If people are mentoring then some forget, but its generally good.

###Projects:
ImagineRIT prep happening. Everyone is getting space in the lab, Morgan is looking into reserving space in front of the lab, maybe. Evan might be the one outside the lab if we do that. Everything asked to be order by last month has actually been ordered. Tortuga has a prototype. Matt finally got access to a VM, we are putting together a timeline for printing card for card game looks like end of april. And

###Other:
* Hoodie Interest: it is around 28 people. We should do real preorders, where people actually give us money
* Crowdfunding guy: we are meeting with the guy on Thursday to talk with the guy to see what restrictions/expectations/plans are and see what we can do with him. We would plan through may and then crowdfund in june. Kayla will wait on sending out an alum email for asking for money, but maybe write up an email.
* Metcalf: Emma and Metcalf and Lana has a bunch of of pictures of old events. Sarah wants metcalf to share it with her. Dom wants access to it too.
* Harris wants pictures of us doing box fort, or at least finished product
* Events: The heist is a thing for next year. Its going to actually happen this time because we are going to preplan it.
* Sarah: sse officer open hour! Dean's lecture series. Its Tuesday. Go!
* Code RIT updates: Talk coming up on 13 th Dan gribon from brand netwoerks will be giving a talk that we will promote.
* WIC rented ritter for gciss for right after box fort. MyWebGrocer might send us swag.
* When we have food put it under the TV, not by the door.
* Talks: Speakers for talks can decide whether or not they want to be recorded
* There exists a professional PowerPoint karaoke
